[[index|Seg]] grew up in a [[Troll Mountain Kobold Tribe|tribe of mining Kobolds]] that reside in the Troll Mountains. He, like everyone else in the tribe, was a miner in training until he turned 21 years old. Although he did not enjoy the mining life, he was as dedicated to the tribe as the rest of his family. He worked in the mines, collecting gemstones and other minerals every day, eating his meals with no complaints, and doing it all again the next day. While in the mines, he found that he was very adept with tools. He often found the rocks he hit with his chisel to end up patterned and shaped beautifully, without his trying. If he forgot one of his tools or dropped it down a shaft, he was able to scrap together what he was missing just using the materials around him. For the first time in his life, Seg was interested in something.

None of his coworkers cared about his skills. Mining was all they knew, and Seg was a less than average miner. Nobody was impressed by his artistic chiseling or tool creation. After 4 straight years of working with no promotion, something snapped. He decided to cut down the amount of work that he was performing on a daily and weekly basis until he was doing nothing to help the tribe. He realized that the tribe was hurting him more than it was helping him, and he'd rather explore his very first interest.

He began to go into the mines, finding a place where the rest of the Kobolds were not trying to mine, and settling down for the day. He explored his various abilities and expanded upon them. He was able to make rocks and tools produce sound, and he even got some gemstones to come to life.

One day, one of his coworkers, [[Bert Sinterban]], found Seg while he was experimenting. Upon seeing the sight of Seg's strange creations, Bert began to laugh and jeer at Seg. Seg was made the laughingstock of his mining shift. They began to call him names like "Rockboy", "Stonehead", "Brainrock", and "Fool" (Kobolds are not very clever), with Bert always leading the pack. After one week, he snapped, and he knew something must be done. Unfortunately, his plan [[Leaving the Tribe|did not work as well as he hoped]].