[[Seg]] took what was left of his suit of armor and made his way out of the tribe's caverns. He wandered aimlessly towards the South until he came to the The Snakewood. He piloted the suit, mostly going in circles, until he reached a large tree. Seg took a look and decided that here was a good as place as any. He took what few weapons the suit had and began to bore into the tree's wide trunk. He was able to hollow out a space just large enough for him to fit, and spent the night inside the hole he created with the suit parked outside.

Each day, he woke up and spent time hollowing out the tree until he had a space big enough to live in. The more tree he destroyed, the more he saw it begin to wither slightly, like it needed a boost. So he set to work on creating some method to keep the tree alive while he stayed in it. He used a nearby water source to create a special irrigation system that went straight to the tree's roots. He was able to add to the inside of the tree to make it stronger than it ever was before. This not only allowed him to set up a larger space within the tree, but increased its fruit production as well.

Seg finally dragged the suit of armor into the tree, prepared to get to work on completing his demented vision. All he needed was to make it functional, surely someone would finally appreciate his work.

He started work the next day, scrapping almost all the work he had completed on the suit. He began to gather rocks from a nearby canyon, focusing on the strongest stones he could find. He also grabbed a good amount of Onyx to hold it all together. He began redesigning the suit from the ground up, attempting to improve on every single aspect that he began with. He worked for weeks, and was proud of the product he created. The suit was more agile, with better weaponry and defenses, but Seg was still not happy. Sure, he had something, but it could be better.

So he set off to work, working for 3 more months on improving smaller things like the spaces in between the armor panels, the controls, the strength of the armor, the amount and accuracy of the weapons, and the look. This version was much better, but he realized that it could use a few more hidden tools and compartments, so he went ahead and added them. While working on this, he realized that an onboard calibrator for the weapons would be nice, so he spent time designing and installing this. Similar to before, each small addition brought about one to four more, which meant that Seg was constantly at work doing something to the suit. If it was not the suit, he had to make sure that the tree was in good health or harvest more stones.

After three years of work, he came up with a name for the suit: [[G.O.B.B.I.]]. Seg had installed almost every tool and system imaginable, even fitting the suit with onyx ornaments. He was nowhere near complete though, and he continued to work year after year. He practically worked nonstop, never feeling like his creation was complete. He had already developed the suit far past the original idea, but he believed that nobody would care about his creation otherwise.

Seven years later, on his tenth year in The Snakewood, he encountered the first person he came across since leaving the tribe: [[The Anthorian Brothers|Abathos Anthorian]]. Along with Abathos was [[The Anthorian Brothers|Pal]], his Warforged. It was their first time away from their village, and they had never seen a creature like Seg. Seg had never seen anything like Pal, and he was instantly intrigued. He wanted to dismantle pal, and even tried a few times, but was easily stopped by Abathos, who was so much larger than him. Abathos thought the little Kobold was funny, so he and Pal stayed awhile, which gave Seg time to investigate Pal. They helped Seg with some of his chores for the day before leaving for the next town on their itinerary. They promised to return one day, and that's exactly what they did. Each year they visited a few times, and this led to a strong friendship between the three.

Seg even helped them by creating some designs for the other Warforged the Giants were building, and Abathos was able to bring some strong Hill Giant stones to upgrade G.O.B.B.I.. Seg used Pal as heavy inspiration for his designs, and even became trusted enough to look around the insides of Pal to see how he worked. Pal even had a few repairs done by Seg himself.

Seg lived this simple life in The Snakewood for a total of 73 years. G.O.B.B.I. had become unnecessarily advanced and extremely impressive. He was a full-on mech suit, standing at 6'8". He was stylized as a draconic figure, with Seg piloting from a cockpit hidden in his chest. A fully stone and metal dragon's head sat atop his shoulders, with onyx eyes, fangs, and horns. He had a fully articulate tail, spiked with onyx. Seg's voice was modified and filtered when he spoke, as if G.O.B.B.I. was the one really speaking. The features listed were just the tip of the iceberg, but Seg saw him as ready. It was time for him to show the world what he could, and [[Emergence|emerge from his hiding]].