 Jator Anthorian was the advisor to the Young King, the son of the Returned King. The Giant kingdom had been without a king for some time, as their king went missing when the magic protecting their village faded. Around this time, Jator's father and many other men from the village had gone missing. Then, one day, they all returned, and life went back to normal, but there was still no sign of the king. Jator's mother soon became pregnant, though, thanks to his father's injuries, he was unable to survive his child. 

Jator and his mother grew up poor, but this did not stop Jator from rising up in Giant society. He was around 60 years old, still very young for a giant, when the king returned. Jator had become a new senator in the emergency senate, which made decisions in the king's absence. The king's return saw an end to the senate, though he was so enamored with Jator's youth and dedication to the kingdom, that he invited him onto the royal council. Jator excitedly accepted.

The king soon gave birth to a son, the new heir to the throne. The king was able to reign for another 50 years, but he grew too old. He passed away at 543 years old, a ripe age for a giant, and his just 48 year old son had to take over the kingdom. In his will, the Returned King decreed that Jator would become advisor to his son. Jator was well-respected by this time, even though he was not an elder. He had moved up the ranks of the council, and the people looked to the Young King and Jator for the future of their kingdom.

Jator's wife became pregnant, and after hearing the news, Jator had a brilliant idea. He knew that he would likely be unable to help teach his son, as it was customary for all Giant fathers to do, so he asked some of the royal Dabblers if they could construct a machine that could teach and accompany his son. They pondered and dabbled for a while and came up with a design, modeled after the hero of legend that found the Returned King. They constructed the machine over the course of two years, and [[The Anthorian Brothers|both]] were introduced to the world.